1. How have you noticed your bootcamp knowledge grow or change during Programming Basics?
I think my knowledge in programming grew a little during Programming Basics. I was already familiar with the basics of programming, and going through the course allowed me to practice and reinforce my knowledge. Additionally, areas which I've had incomplete or incorrect knowledge were made clear, allowing me to take the time to study more on those areas.

2. How have you noticed your approach to learning change throughout Programming Basics?
While I had always been taught to study examples and follow the practice examples to learn, I've found that I learn better by iterating upon the lesson and finding more and different ways to approach an answer. It is very beneficial for me to talk with my cohorts and go over previous content. By taking the concepts we learned, putting it into words when talking to our cohorts, it allows me to better organize how it works in my own head. It also allows me to find mistakes in my own logic I tend to skip past or over. These mistakes are usually quickly fixed when going through the content on my own, but by verbally speaking it aloud to my cohorts, it is a glaring mistake that forces my brain to actively try to fix it.

3. What do you consider your "Mistake of the Week," which was a failure you learned from during Programming Basics?
My mistake of the week is most definitely skimming over code. When reading over code, I can get caught up on one or two major actions, which means I can skip over other actions, which leads to me mentally forget some steps in my mental calculations. When writing code, it can be as simple as forgetting to declare a variable, causing the code to be undefined or unrunnable. Even quickly (mentally) moving on to the next step while writing a line, I can forget to put in a semi-colon.
It's important that I take the time to verify the code I'm writing matches my intent. I don't know if it is a focus issue or my mental skipping around when reading and writing code, but I can think I need to slow down.